OCPBUGS-28538: Added docs to get other sdn providers deployed with agent provider (#3405)
openshift/hypershift: docs/content/how-to/agent/other-sdn-providers.md

Reviewer: You'll need to modify mkdocs.yml as well to include this in the directory. https://github.com/openshift/hypershift/blob/54242ed74dc152e24612d68d77e0381fc7a9aea2/docs/mkdocs.yml#L78

# Create an Agent cluster with other SDN Providers

This document explains how to create a HostedCluster that runs an SDN provider different from OVNKubernetes. The document assumes that you already have the required infrastructure in place to create HostedClusters using the Agent provider. If not, please refer to the [Agent guide](./create-agent-cluster.md) and come back later.

> > **IMPORTANT**: The work described here is **not supported**. SDN providers **must** certify their software on HyperShift before it becomes a supported solution. The steps described here are just a technical reference for people that wants to try different SDN providers in HyperShift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **IMPORTANT**: The work described here is **not supported**. SDN providers **must** certify their software on HyperShift before it becomes a supported solution. The steps described here are just a technical reference for people who want to try different SDN providers in HyperShift.
```
